PORT-4584 tigger page and more fixes (#99)
port-labs/ocean: docs/framework-guides/docs/develop-an-integration/trigger-your-integration.md

This guide explains how you can trigger your integration using the [Port](https://app.getport.io).

> After setting up & running your integration, you can trigger it using Port UI/ Port API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After setting up & running your integration, you can trigger it using Port's UI/API.
```

Triggering your integration will run the integration resync and will resync all the data from the source into port and
creating new data, update existing data and delete data that no longer exists in the source by doing so.

> ## Triggering using Port UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Triggering using Port's UI
```

1. Login to [Port](https://app.getport.io) and browse to the [builder page](https://app.getport.io/dev-portal).

2. Open the ingest modal by expanding one of the [blueprints](https://docs.getport.io/build-your-software-catalog/define-your-data-model/setup-blueprint/) and clicking the ingest button on the blueprints.

   ![Ingest Button](@site/static/img/ingest-button-1.png)

   or

   ![Ingest Button](@site/static/img/ingest-button-2.png)

> 3. Select on your installed that you want to trigger from the list of available integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select the integration you want to trigger a resync for from the list of your installed integrations.
```

## Triggering using the Port UI

1. Login to [Port](https://app.getport.io) and browse to the [builder page](https://app.getport.io/dev-portal).

> 2. Open the ingest modal by expanding one of the [blueprints](https://docs.getport.io/build-your-software-catalog/define-your-data-model/setup-blueprint/) and clicking the ingest button on the blueprints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Open the ingest modal by expanding one of the [blueprints](https://docs.getport.io/build-your-software-catalog/define-your-data-model/setup-blueprint/) and clicking the ingest button on the blueprint.
```
